TAXII2 feed support parsing of fields exported by XSOAR TAXII2 Server (#26460)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedTAXII/ReleaseNotes/1_1_25.md

#### Integrations
##### TAXII 2 Feed

> - Added parameter *Update custom fields* for specifying whether to import the xsoar custom fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Update custom fields* feature for specifying whether to import XSOAR's custom fields.
```
